How many chambers in a human heart?
4

The 2016 movie "Hidden Figures" follows the story of African-American women at what organization?
NASA

What is the name given to an oven used to bake clay pots?
Kiln

What car manufacturer merged with Chrysler in 2014 to form the 7th largest car maker in the world?
Fiat

What car manufacturer merged with Chrysler in 2014
Hemp

What part of the ear is also the name of a part of a leaf?
Lobe

What four letter name is given to the structural part of a boat that runs along the center line of the bottom of the hull?
Keel

What four letter word describes the color of a horse that is dark brown mixed with gray?
Roan

Stella Artois is a beer that originated in what country?
Belgium

What company owns YouTube?
Google (or Alphabet)

What do french whipping, fisherman's eye, and rat-tail stopper all have in common?
They are knots.

According to Freud, which part of the personality is associated with primitive, instinctual elements of the mind, and the pleasure-pain principle?
The id

In 2014, as part of its 125-year anniversary, what structure installed a glass floor 187 feet above the ground?
The Eiffel Tower

How many British Prime Ministers have been assassinated?
1

Which guitar maker is famous for models such as Jaguar and Stratocaster?
Fender

Lionel Ritchie was the lead singer of what group in the 70s and 80s?
The Commodores

Which British rock band released a 1979 album titled "London Calling"?
The Clash

What 2004 hit song from U2 has the same name as a 1958 Alfred Hitchcock movie?
Vertigo

What group from the 602 and 70s, originally named the Golliwogs, produced the song "Proud Mary"?
Creedence Clearwater Revival

What is the first word sung in the Queen song "Bohemian Rhapsody"?
Is

What British band was formed in 1996 by Jonny Buckland, Guy Berryman, Will Champion, and one other person?
Coldplay

What American soul singer was murdered by his father on the day before his 45th birthday?
Marvin Gaye

At McDonald's, what product is sold in a blue wrapper?
Filet o Fish

What is the only gemstone composed of a single element?
Diamond

What number, when squared, is equal to one third of its cube?
3

What is the name of Robinson Crusoe's sole companion?
Friday

What reality TV show led to 5 marriages, which is way more than "The Bachelor"?
Biggest Loser

On the ceiling of the Sisteen Chapel, whose finger points toward God?
Adam

What peninsula was referred to as the Northern Pillar of Hercules?
Gibraltar

What sea is bordered on the north by Europe, on the east by Turkey, and on the south by Africa?
The Mediterranean

IHOP announced they are changing one of the letters in their name.  Which letter are they changing?
They are changing the P to a B.

Female bees are called "worker bees".  What are male bees called?
Drones

Before he became president, Jimmy Carter had been a farmer.  What crop did he produce?
Peanuts

The Rhino virus causes what maladay in humans?
The common cold

Defeat in which war led to the collapse of the Ottoman Empire?
World War I

Henry Gray published the first of a textbook in 1858. The 41st edition was published in 2015.  Students of what discipline study this book today?
Anatomy

Which 20th century US president had the middle name "Baines"?
Lyndon Baines Johnson

The religious group which calls itself the "Society of Friends" is more widely known by what one-word name?
Quakers

Lisbon is the largest city in Portugal.  Name any of the cities which is ranked second through tenth.
Porto, Amadora, Braga, Setubal, Coimbra, Queluz, Funchal, Cacem, Vila Nova de Gaia

In the United States, a certain light metal is spelled "aluminum".  How is it spelled in the UK?
Aluminium

What type of loan has a name which comes from the French phrase for "death pledge"?
Mortgage

The word "goodbye" is a contraction of what four word phrase?
"God be with you"

 The pub belongs to which group of dogs?
 The "toy" group
 
 In what year was SnapChat launched?
 2011
 
 What is the capital of New Jersey?
 Trenton
 
 What is the capital of Nebraska?
 Lincoln
 
 What is the capital of North Carolina?
 Raleigh
 
 What is the capital of Delaware?
 Dover
 
 What is the capital of Vermont?
 Montpelier
 
 What is the capital of New Hampshire?
 Concord
 
 What is the capital of Kentucky?
 Frankfort
 
 What is the capital of South Dakota?
 Pierre
 
 What is the capital of Missouri?
 Jefferson City
 
 What is the capital of Rhode Island?
 Providence?
 
 A brittle "O ring" seal was the cause of what 1986 disaster? 
 The space shuttle Challenger explosion
 
 Who is the only NFL player to get five Super Bowl rings all with the same team?
 Tom Brady
 
 The seismic "Ring of Fire" surrounds what body of water?
 Pacific Ocean
 
 In "The Fellowship of the Rings", what does Gandolph do to make the ring's secret inscription visible?
 He puts the ring in fire.
 
 The 2002 horror move "The Ring" had a sequel named "The Ring Two".  What is the name of the third installment in the series?
 "Rings"

What does the abbreviation BRB mean when texting?
Be Right Back

What Spanish language song title, which translates to "slowly" in English, was covered by Justin Bieber with a remix?
Despicato

How many reeds does a clarinet have?
One

Which is typically larger, a bacteria or a virus?
Bacteria

What species of penguin was the subject of a 2005 documentary and is the only species of penguin that breeds during the southern winter?
Emperor

What name is given to the junction where two nerve cells meet?
synapse

What foot position in ballet has the cancer's feet flat on the floor, heels together, and toes pointing outwards in opposite directions?
First position

If they had used their first names instead of their last names, what fashion house would be called Domenico and Stefano?
Dolce & Gabbana

A Tom Collins cocktail has what type of alcohol?
Gin

In what decade was the action figure "G.I. Joe" introduced to the American market?
1960s

In what decade did Sir Edmund Hilary first summit Mt. Everest?
1950s

Neil Armstrong was the first person on the moon. Who was the second?
Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin

What is the only US state that borders only one state?
Maine has only one state border (with New Hampshire).

Name the three South American countries that the equator passes through.
Ecuador, Columbia, and Brazil

Ian Fleming International Airport opened in 2011 in the location where he wrote all of his James Bond novels.  Name the location.
Jamaica

What is the longest river in the United States?
The Missouri River

What country is Kronenbourg beer from?
France

Uber is headquartered in what city:  New York, Palo Alto, or San Francisco?
San Francisco

There's only one major river in the world that crosses the equator.  It's in Africa, and in fact it crosses the equator twice, once to the north and once to the south.  Name the river.
The Congo River

How many standard bottles of champagne are contained in a magnum?
Two

What is the highest number of stars a Michelin restaurant can receive?
Three

What is the primary food source of polar bears?
Seals

What is the chemical formula for common table salt?
NaCl

What song did Johnny Cash typically use to open his concerts?
Folsom Prison Blues

According to the song, which singer got his first six string at the five and dime?
Brian Adams

Copenhagen's "Little Mermaid" statue is a memorial to what author?
Hans Christian Anderson

Name the Chinese American architect who designed the Kennedy Library in Boston and the Louvre Pyramid in Paris.
I.M. Pei
The Congo River

What constellation is named for a hunter in Greek mythology?
Orion

What word meaning "danger of loss" is the title of a TV game show?
Jeopardy

If an event is biennial, how often does it take place?
Every two years

Regarding the careful use of resources, what are the three Rs?
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle

What two-word Italian phrase translates to "the good life" in English?
dolce vita

Flynn Rider is a character in what Disney movie?
Tangled

Which 1959 movie from Alfred Hitchcock was advertised with the tagline, "It's a deadly game of tag, and Carey Grant is it"
North by Northwest

If you roll a pair of 6-sided dice, what is the probabiility that you will roll doubles?
1/6

What name was given to the chainsaw-wielding maniac played by Gunnar Hansen in a 1974 horror movie?
Leatherface

What is the name of the heavy wooden pole that is tossed at the Highland Games as a test of strength?
caber

Which martial art, developed by Zhang Sangsen in the 13th century, has a name that translates to "Supreme Ultimate Fist"?
Tai Chi

Name the woman who was instrumental in the "Just Say No to Drugs" campaign of the mid 1980s
Nancy Reagan

What is the double negative in the Pink Floyd Song?
We don't need no education.

What song starts with the words, "Start spreading the news." ?
New York, New York

What French port was used in a massive troop evacuation in World War II ?
Dunkirk

What was the name of the main character in the movie, "Wall Street"?
Gordon Gecko

Who sang a song about not going back to rehab?
Amy Winehouse

In tennis, what's the name for a point that must be played over?
Let (or let point)

What style of high-waisted dress was popularized by Napolean's Empress Josephine?
Empire (or Empire Waist)

How many cards are dealt to each player in a game of bridge?
13

The lowest temperature ever recorded in the lower 48 states was 78 degress below zero (farenheit), in what state?
Montana

What US state recorded the highest temperature?
California




